The prophet Muhammad sallallah.aii
wasallam told us that whoever builds a
mosque for Allah, Allah will build for
him a sim house in Jenna. And we know
the great reward that will not only be
gained but rather will fill your grave
after your death. Whenever someone prays
there, whenever someone gives shahada in
the masid, whenever someone learns
something in the masid, yes, that will
be something that you'll have on your
scale.
[Music]
You know the scenes of Abu Hamza with
the hook in Finry Park where hundreds of
Muslims in the streets and he's calling
for war and calling for jihad. No one
was stopping him. Muhammad Hijab. No,
no, not Muhammad hijab. Um Abu Hamza
with the hook. He's a terrorist with a
hook. But back when this was going on,
why do you think when uh Stephen Lexon
um when he's bringing up and he's
describing somebody with a hook, why do
you think uh uh Patrick, he he went on
automatic mode and he just brought you
up out of all people. He's got me in his
mind. He's he's got me in his mind. I
think the reputations that we do
together and that we're going to
continue doing about Patrick McDavid and
they're going to get worse for him
because we've given him a chance. We've
spoken to him privately. be very
respectful to him. But he's continually
perpetuating
stereotypes,
generalizations, and misinformation
about Islam and Muslim people. Recently,
I saw a clip of his on Twitter where he
was making these absurd and humiliating
claims his with such confidence. And if
we can pull that video up, can we pull
that video up of him saying what he
said? and then I'll come back and
respond in kind. I mean, it's
unbelievable what he said. Let's take a
look at what he uh said. The person who
was born in Iran, yes, I can't stand
this regime. Yes. They've caught the
only thing that's been persistent and
consistent is the following. When the
sha was in Iran, did Israel already
exist? Yes. Yes or no? Mhm. Was Israel
causing chaos? Was there war in the
Middle East? Let me say this one more
time. When Iran was ran by the sha, what
year was uh the sha of Iran? What years
did he run Iran? The 53 through 79, I
think. Okay. 53 is the oil consortium.
So 54 is the oil consortium. 41. 41 to
79. Cuz he started at 21 years old.
Young man, right? 41 to 79. When did
Israel get become a nation? 48. Yeah.
Okay. So check this out. Why is it that
between 48 to 79
while the sha was the king of Iran
running Iran, why is it for 31 years
there is no major war in the Middle
East? Why is that? So to the people that
want to say it's all Israel's fault. How
come there wasn't that in Iran for 31
years? I'm curious. Answer that question
for me. And why is it from 79 when the
MASS, the Hezbollah, the IRGC, all these
guys, the Kmenes, all of them took over.
Why has there been chaos in the Middle
East in 79? Whose fault is that?
America's been consistent. Yes, I know
America wanted the oil from Iran. And
yes, I know UK wanted it and MI6 and CI
and all this stuff. And yes, I also am
aware that the Sha didn't trust Israel.
The tribe didn't trust, you know, what
they were doing with media and finance
and the ambition and the level and the
control and the influence and all that
stuff. He knew what was going on there.
He wanted to compete with them. He
didn't see himself as a victim. He's
like, "We're going to be doing the same
thing." And they're like, "Wait a
minute. This guy's too ambitious and he
thinks he can go up against all of us.
Let's take this guy out. We need chaos
in the Middle East." Oh Even
Israel being involved, let's just say
for Iran and the Sha fallen. There is
chaos now in the Middle East. On who
though? On who though? who did that? So,
yeah, for me the most consistent thing
behind the chaos in the Middle East has
been Iran.
That's just the reality of it. Yeah. So,
I just want to say cuz he said someone
answered that question for me. I'm going
to answer that question directly and I
think this is a humiliating and
embarrassing blunder of tremendous
proportions. The like of which Mr. bet
David should come out and apologize and
retract and resend his comment because
he said what major war was there between
and 1979 in the Middle East not
realizing that the most major wars were
that in that exact time period the 1948
war in the among the the inceptions upon
the inception of Israel itself was a war
between Israel and countries Arab
countries surrounding ing it. In 1956,
there was the Sewish Canal crisis. In
19667,
there was the six- day war. In 1973,
there was the Yom Kapoor war. So, this
guy is so academically and historically
illiterate that he actually chose the
time where there was probably the most
wars and he's challenging us
to give him, you know, the reason why
there is no war. No war in this period
of time. You are I know you're watching
this bet David because you watch us. You
love watching our content. I'm sorry to
say you are academically illiterate. You
are completely uneducated on these
matters. You should not speak about
history. You should not speak about
politics. You should not speak about
religion. And what happens is when you
as an ignoramus with all due respect
bring on another ignoramus another
ignorant person then what you have as a
result when you have Tommy Robinson
there is compounded ignorance.
You're saying ignorant things he's
saying ignorant things. There's no
academic to check you. There's nobody to
check you because you always surround
yourself with ultridarians, with
obsequious individuals, with ignorant
individuals, with ignoble individuals,
with individuals with agendas, with
individuals with no formal education. At
least when Joe Rogan does his podcasts,
which your podcast will never reach his
podcast level, is he brings specialists.
He brings people that he can ask
question scientists. He brings you know
people that are actually specialists in
areas and they can give him the cutting
edge re research and he stays there
quietly whilst they give him the
information whereas you on your own show
come on speak about these matters as if
you are some kind of an authority and in
fact you're making such huge blunders
that it beggars belief that there is
such ignorance in your studio that not
one person from the editorial team from
the panel or from the comments or from
anybody could correct you on one of the
most glaring and obvious painfully
obvious mistakes historical kind that
anybody can make about your own nation
about your own nation which is you're
from Iran and its surrounding countries
you should be ashamed of yourself you
need to stop talking and start listening
you should start reading because being
having money and I want to make this
very Okay, there's lots of people
nowadays become businessmen and get
money from Ponzi schemes or whatever it
may be. I don't know how you made your
money, Patrick, and I don't care. Having
money and having knowledge are two
separate things. Having money doesn't
mean that you have intelligence and
knowledge. You cannot buy intelligence.
You can buy books, you can buy courses,
but you cannot buy intelligence. You
should know your limits. You should know
that you're you've spent your time
raising money or doing this or doing
that or you know doing business. Don't
get involved in academic discussions. It
will save you the humiliation of someone
like me in London who are meant to be
this rafian this uncou in London that
Tommy Robinson he's describing the
Muslim community and he's he's trying to
paint this out in this way to you. I'm
meant to be that like that but I'm
checking you in such a way that not even
your most ardent supporters can defend
you because you are wrong. you are
making a case that Israel is not the
most, you know, damaging and destructive
and belligerent and transgressive actor
in the Middle East by trying to find a
time pre
um Iranian revolution in 79 whereby
there was not these things that you're
mentioning but there was all of those
things that you're mentioning. This is
such an embarrassment. If I were you, I
would be able to sleep from the
embarrassment. I would not be able to
sleep. I would look at myself in the
mirror and just turn away.
Wall I would It's so embarrassing if I
could somehow using the millions I have.
If you were if I were you, I don't have
millions myself, but if I were you, you
know, remove those videos where I'm
talking rubbish and bringing
ignoramuses, I would do it because to
spare myself the humiliation, the
intellectual and academic humiliation of
this
This is what happens when you have an
agenda and you're a sha supporter above
everything else and you're a nationalist
above everything else and so on and so
forth and you want to make a case but
you can't even make it because your
brain cells can't aid you and help you.
Patrick, but David, come out and
apologize. Come out and retract. Come
out and resend. Come out and correct.
Come out and clarify. You should now say
I have a new policy on my show. My
policy is I'm only going to bring I'm
going to have at least one academic when
we speak about sensitive issues. When we
speak about big issues, I'm going to
have at least you don't have to have a
Muslim academic when you're talking
about Islam. You can have a a a
non-Muslim academic of Islam.
Bring the standards of your little
crummy show up. Bring the standards of
your show up. Do you understand me?
Bring it up. You are you are
contributing to the proliferation of
ignorance in your country.
You are you are contributing to
ignoramises and chavs and hillbillies
and rednecks not knowing where countries
are on the map and this that and the
other and historical timelines having it
all messed up. You are contributing to
global ignorance. It's not about Islam
or ideology or narrative. It's about
academic credibility. You're missing
that. You're lacking that. I would say
based on just that clip here, you should
retire. You should say, "I'm taking some
time off a PBD podcast, this and that.
I'm just going to do business. There's
going to be a new guy that's going to be
running this show and they have you or
me doing because they need some
professionals.
They need some professionals for God's
sake.
You know, we'll take the show PBD show
to another level. We'll do something
good with it.
You he has this ignoramus with him all
the time called Adam. What What has he
done? What has he done? These guys, I'm
going to put it because people don't
know. Eddie is a highlevel black belt in
Brazilian jiu-jitsu. People don't know
this. I remember going to Chicago long
time ago and he was showing me some
things. I was thinking, "My god, this
this guy this guy is not what he seen."
But let me put it in BJJ terms. These
guys are not even white belts. Forget
about it. They haven't even put on the
ghee. These guys are the most lowlevel.
Okay, you're bringing people and then
they're speaking as if they're like, you
know, Roger Gracie or Gordon Ryan. You
You're nothing. You honestly have done.
You're not proven. Stop speaking about
these matters. You're nothing. Yeah.
Understand you're nothing. Humble
yourself. Humble yourself. Humble
yourself. It's time to humble yourself.
That's it. You know, and this is the
problem. Forget about narrative and this
that. They need to humble themselves.
That's what it comes down to. Because
when you don't humble yourself, we're
going to catch you as we have. We're
going to catch you on your mistakes and
we're going to expose your mistakes. And
your supporters will say, they'll tip
your hat. They'll tip their hat to us.
They'll tip the hat and they'll say,
"Yes, he's right." They'll say, "Even
though we disagree with him on ideology,
he's right. You're ignorant. You should
not be representing our interest."
That's what they're going to say. Hey,
you are you wasting your time on social
media again? Your brothers and sisters
in Islam net from Norway are
establishing a masid, a da center.
Establishing a masjid to convey the
message of Islam is one of the best
deeds a Muslim can do. There's a huge
need for it in Norway. You know this and
I know this. So that makes the reward
even greater. So give generously and
Allahawel will give you even more.